-------->Introduce yourself<----------
1.Name
2.Native
3.Education (degree,intermidiate,10th) talk about percentage only when it's above 60%
4.Academic project
( 1.Objective or Aim of the project
2.impact of this project on the problems and conclusion
3.whats your roles and responsibilities in the project
4.explain block diagram if it's there).
5.Hobbies
6.Achivements (sports or any other achivement)


1) Are you ready to Relocate [PAN India] 
-I am ready!

2) Are you flexible to work in rotational shift
- Yes 

3) Are you ready to sign the bond?
- Yes

4) Are you ready to work on Saturday & Sunday? 
- Yes

5) Are you ready to Submit Your document?
- Yes

6) We don't provide cab facilities will you join? 
- Yes sir, no problem i can manage my self

7) Tell something to interviewer (about company)
-Go through Company website
1.who is the ceo / Founder?
2.which year company founded
3.where the headquarter 
4.Any brancher present.
5.how many employe are working 
6.On which product/ domain, does the company works.
7.client/Customer

8) What is your dream company?
- Sir Any company which provide good opportunities | platform to work, learn & implement my skills That company  will be my Dream company.

9) Can you join immediately?
- Yes


10)Why should I hire you...?
  As a fresher I'm looking for an opportunity to work on new technologies to upgrade my
skills. I'm a person who is not satisfied till my work is completed so I'm a hard-working person
and i have a great interest in learning more about new technologies and skills. As i told you
earlier I'm a good team player and i led my project team in the academic project in college so it
will be helpful for me to lead a team if i get a chance in future..

11)How long will you like to stay in our organization..?
  As a fresher am looking for job opertunities & i dont have any intention of leaving
this company. But still if you want me to answer for this question would like to stay in the company
until i get to work on new technologies & also on challegning things if i get opportunity
it will be really good.I will stay in the company until company
gets benefits from me.

12) What is your expected salary?
  Since i am a fresher i am looking for an oppertunity and i am not beyond the money. I 
need to showcase my talent please give an oppertunity.

   I am ok with the salary for company standard.

Dream salary : If at all your asking my dream salary means based on my performance
one year down the line.I might get my dream salary.

13) Why developing domain?
   My brother suggested me to do engineering(in non IT background) late i felt regrate,
 One of my friend refer to go for developing domain.Later i googled and learnt something about developing domain.
 but i came to know about Jspiders and joined the Jspiders there i learnt with all intrest regardings developing domain. 
